  Create a README that reports a comparison of each model's performance as well as a summary about your findings and any assumptions you can make based on your model (is your model good enough to predict new exoplanets? Why or why not? What would make your model be better at predicting new exoplanets?).
  
  Model 1: Using logistic regression this model output a best score of 0.86 and ran quickly when using Jupyter notebook. This result might be what some would think is adequate especially considering all the false positives in the data already giving us the ability to know what a good enough planet would be for the data to point in the direction of being an exoplanet. However this was even with further training using gridsearchcv and the result didn’t change a significant amount from the initial data scores (0.85), so a second model was created to further this result closer to an acceptable level for models (0.90 or better)

Model 2: Using logistic regression CV model for this one to see if changing only a few parameters would result in a better model overall than our score before.  Initially changing from MinMaxScaler to a standard scaler netted better results than the provided scaler, but since it was in the instructions to use it this was changed back.  Then the only other metric that was changed and saved was the logistic regression model cv, even this small change netted us a better result than before at 0.88 but our max cv was also 5 compared to model 1’s 10. This model still did not net the result hoped for a 0.90 or better but keeping in mind the model was close enough to this metric to be considered more successful than model 1.

In conclusion either model could be used to predict exoplanets with high enough accuracy to be effective for study.  But it could be said there are other models that could predict with higher accuracy than these two, but not by much more to make these wholly ineffective. So they should be good to predict whether there are exoplanets out there for us to live on! The truth is out there!
